README.md, before:

# recipe-db
TODO - instructions on how to use the app



notes:
- I removed the ingredient table since it didn't make sense why we had an ingredient name and id when these were just one to one
- will be replacing that table with chefs since need 5 tables

- not sure if non chef users have features for er diagram?? do they have a table for preferences? tracking their usage???
- also the er diagram has some relationships that i am unsure of (might just delete them if not going to implement them anyways bc extra)

- favorites table -- make a function that lets users add favorite recipes

- how to handle chefs in setup-passwords???


- error handling:
    * username already taken
    * user does not exist

kyla
* ER diagram 
  - DONE, sort of? I'm kind of unsure about it 
* DDL 
  - DONE --- i think? have to look at ER diagram issues again, theres a few tables that I'm unsure about still
  - might need more comments
* load-data + csv files 
  - (missing csv for the extra tables ratings, cost, chefs users, and favorites)
  - TODO users, chefs
* passwords 
  - TODO THURSDAY
* grant permissions 
  - DONE probably
  - TODO go back and change this after app.py done
* queries 
  - TODO THURSDAY after finish load-data

riya
* procedural sql
* app.py

together
* reflection.pdf (do this weekend)
  - functional dependencies
  - relational algebra
  - other
* README.md instructions

Commit message:

passwords done, ddl probably maybe done

README.md, after:

# CS 121 final project: recipedb app
TODO - instructions on how to use the app



notes:
- favorites table added -- make a function that lets users add favorite recipes (procedural sql)

- error handling: (i think this would be in app.py)
    * username already taken
    * user does not exist

kyla
* ER diagram 
  - DONE, sort of? I'm kind of unsure about it 
  - not sure if non chef users have features for er diagram?? do they have a table for preferences? tracking their usage???
  - also the er diagram has some relationships that i am unsure of (might just delete them if not going to implement them anyways bc extra)
* DDL 
  - DONE --- i think? have to look at ER diagram issues again, theres a few tables that I'm unsure about still
  - might need more comments
* load-data + csv files 
  - (missing csv for the extra tables ratings, cost, chefs users, and favorites)
  - TODO users, chefs
* passwords - DONE
* grant permissions - DONE probably
  - TODO maybe go back and change this after app.py done
* queries 
  - TODO THURSDAY after finish load-data

riya
* procedural sql
* app.py

together
* reflection.pdf (do this weekend)
  - functional dependencies
  - relational algebra
  - other
* README.md instructions
